im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !	1
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !	1
it practically plays almost everything you give it .	1
for the price it is a well spent investment !	1
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .	1
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .	1
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .	1
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .	1
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?	1
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .	1
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !	1
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .	0
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !	1
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .	0
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .	0
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .	1
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .	0
will never purchase apex again .	0
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .	0
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .	1
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .	0
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .	0
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .	0
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .	0
apex does n't answer the phone .	0
no way to contact their customer service .	0
very bad quality .	0
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .	1
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .	1
have used it frequently and have had no problems .	1
i liked this one enough to buy another .	1
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .	1
great quality picture and features .	1
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .	0
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .	0
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .	0
the door would not close .	0
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .	0
it looks great - and is loaded with features .	1
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .	0
have had problems since the first day	0
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .	0
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .	1
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .	1
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .	0
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .	0
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "	0
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )	1
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .	1
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .	0
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .	0
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .	0
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .	0
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .	0
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .	1
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .	0
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .	0
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .	0
wo n't play a lot of discs .	0
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .	0
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .	0
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .	0
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !	0
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .	0
the dvd player does not work properly .	0
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .	0
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .	0
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .	0
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .	1
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .	0
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .	0
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .	0
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .	1
even viewed cds full of jpgs .	1
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .	0
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .	0
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .	0
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .	0
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !	0
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .	0
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .	0
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .	0
door broke after a month .	0
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .	0
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .	0
well , it was nice while it lasted .	1
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .	0
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .	0
only used for 3 month before it 's down !	0
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .	0
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .	0
the entire unit was poorly crafted .	0
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .	0
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .	0
the dvd player just would't recognize them .	0
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .	0
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature .	1
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !	0
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .	0
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .	1
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .	1
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .	1
i find this to be a great feature .	1
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .	1
for the money apex machines have good features .	1
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .	1
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .	1
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .	0
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "	0
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .	0
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .	1
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .	1
loved the slim design .	1
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .	0
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .	0
audio is excellent .	1
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .	1
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .	1
simple to use and hook up .	1
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .	1
this dvd play is basicly junk .	0
it wo n't play all of my movies .	0
i tried called apex cust service , no help .	0
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .	0
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .	0
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .	1
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .	1
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .	0
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !	1
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !	1
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .	1
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .	1
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !	1
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .	0
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !	1
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .	0
the first one would n't work from the start .	0
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !	0
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .	0
for the most part this is a good dvd player .	1
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .	0
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .	0
there was neither picture nor sound .	0
we are overall pleased with product .	1
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .	0
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )	0
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .	0
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )	0
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .	0
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .	1
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .	1
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .	1
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .	1
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .	0
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .	0
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .	0
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .	0
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ).	0
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .	1
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .	1
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .	1
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !	0
this thing plays everything i feed it .	1
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .	1
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .	1
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .	0
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .	0
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .	0
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .	0
it has never worked .	0
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .	0
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .	0
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .	0
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .	0
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .	0
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .	0
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .	0
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .	0
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .	0
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .	0
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .	0
i can only hear the sound but no picture !	0
their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor .	0
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .	0
some dvd 's i rented would not play .	0
when the player was working it was great ,but .	0
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .	1
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .	1
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players .	1
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .	1
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .	0
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .	1
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .	1
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .	0
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .	0
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .	0
this player seems to work fine with everything else .	1
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .	0
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .	1
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .	1
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .	1
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .	1
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !	1
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !	1
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .	0
apex sucks !	0
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .	0
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .	1
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .	1
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .	1
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .	1
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .	0
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .	1
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .	1
there are a lot of things i like about it .	1
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .	1
the remote is a little hard to understand .	0
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .	0
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .	1
video output stopped workin .	0
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .	0
what a disappointment !	0
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .	0
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .	0
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .	1
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .	0
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .	1
it works great .	1
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !	1
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?	0
what the hell is wrong with this thing .	0
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds.	0
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .	0
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !	0
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .	0
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .	1
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !	0
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .	1
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .	0
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .	0
only one disk played through to completion successfully .	0
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .	0
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !	0
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .	0
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .	0
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .	0
amazon is awaesome !	1
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .	1
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .	0
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .	1
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .	1
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .	1
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .	1
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .	1
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .	0
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .	0
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .	0
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !	0
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !	1
it plays everything , even vcd 's .	1
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .	1
but for what i do use it is perfect .	1
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "	0
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .	0
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .	0
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .	0
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .	0
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .	1
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .	0
the dvd player is fine .	1
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .	1
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .	1
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .	0
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .	1
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !	0
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .	0
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .	0
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .	0
this is extemely lame .	0
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .	0
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .	0
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .	1
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .	0
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .	0
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .	0
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .	0
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .	0
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .	1
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .	0
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .	0
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .	1
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .	1
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .	0
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !	1
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !	0
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !	0
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !	0
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .	0
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .	0
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .	1
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all	1
good looks	1
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel	0
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .	0
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .	1
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !	1
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .	1
also , very light and portable .	1
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .	0
it will read and play all cd audio disc .	1
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .	1
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .	0
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .	0
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .	0
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .	0
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .	0
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .	1
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .	0
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .	1
good quality video .	1
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .	0
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .	1
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .	1
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .	1
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .	1
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .	1
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems .	1
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .	1
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !	1
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .	1
works great !	1
silverish color really adds a special touch .	1
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )	1
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .	1
i am really impressed by this dvd player .	1
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .	1
no matter the format .	1
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .	1
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .	1
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .	1
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .	1
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .	1
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .	1
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .	1
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !	1
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .	1
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .	1
* main dial is not backlit .	0
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .	0
overall i 'm happy with my toy .	1
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .	1
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .	1
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .	1
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .	1
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .	1
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .	1
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .	1
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .	0
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .	1
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .	1
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .	1
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )	0
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .	1
excellent range of metering options as well .	1
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .	1
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )	1
3 ) 4x zoom is nice	1
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .	1
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .	1
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )	0
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )	0
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .	0
the camera has a wonderful set of features .	1
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .	1
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .	1
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .	1
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .	1
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .	1
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .	0
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .	1
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .	1
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .	1
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .	1
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .	1
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .	1
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .	1
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .	1
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !	1
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .	1
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .	1
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .	1
the prints are beautiful !	1
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .	1
this is a great camera for you !	1
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .	1
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .	1
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .	1
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !	1
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .	1
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .	1
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .	1
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .	1
the more i work with it , the more i love it !	1
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !	1
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .	1
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .	1
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !	1
four megapixels is great .	1
it is a very amazing product .	1
i highly recommend it .	1
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .	1
takes excellent photos .	1
night mode is clear as day .	1
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .	1
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .	0
overall it is the best camera on the market .	1
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )	1
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .	0
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .	0
i love this camera .	1
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .	1
great colors , pictures and white balance .	1
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .	1
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .	0
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .	0
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .	0
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .	0
the grain was terrible .	0
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .	0
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .	1
the camera was a marvel .	1
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .	1
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .	1
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .	0
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .	1
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .	0
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .	1
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .	1
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !	0
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .	0
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .	1
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !	1
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .	0
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .	1
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .	1
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .	1
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .	1
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .	1
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .	1
the service from the supplier was exceptional .	1
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .	1
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .	1
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .	1
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .	0
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !	1
but canon never fails to amaze .	1
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .	1
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .	1
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .	1
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .	1
the light auto-correction is awesome .	1
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .	1
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .	1
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .	1
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .	1
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .	0
got way too many blurry pictures .	0
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )	1
the powershot g3 is a great camera .	1
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !	1
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .	1
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .	1
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .	0
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .	0
canon 's g3 does it consistently .	0
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .	0
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .	0
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .	1
i love the quality of the pictures .	1
they look fantastic .	1
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .	1
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .	1
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .	1
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .	0
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .	0
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .	0
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !	1
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !	1
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !	1
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !	1
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .	1
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .	1
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .	1
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .	1
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .	0
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .	1
because this camera is beautiful .	1
the g3 looks like a work of art !	1
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .	1
i am very pleased with it so far .	1
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .	0
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .	0
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?	0
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .	1
i am quite happy with the camera .	1
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .	1
yes , i recommend it over the competition .	1
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .	1
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .	1
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .	1
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .	1
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .	1
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !	1
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .	1
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .	0
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .	1
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .	1
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..	1
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .	1
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .	1
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .	1
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .	1
the included memory card is too small .	0
it is made of plastic .	0
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .	0
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .	0
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .	0
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .	0
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .	0
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .	1
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .	1
learning how to use it will not take very long .	1
the image quality is excellent .	1
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .	1
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .	1
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .	1
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .	1
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;	1
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .	0
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !	1
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .	1
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .	1
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .	1
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .	1
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .	0
this camera has a major design flaw .	0
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .	0
everything else about the camera is great .	1
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .	1
and so far , i 've been very pleased .	1
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .	1
the moveable lcd screen is great .	1
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .	1
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :	1
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :	1
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .	1
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .	1
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .	0
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .	0
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .	0
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .	1
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .	1
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .	1
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .	1
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .	1
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .	1
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .	1
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .	1
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .	0
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .	1
definetely a great camera .	1
proven canon built quality and lens .	1
feels solid in hand .	1
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .	1
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .	1
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .	1
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .	1
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .	1
the software is great .	1
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .	1
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .	1
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .	0
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .	0
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .	1
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !	1
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .	1
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )	1
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate	1
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck	0
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .	1
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .	0
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .	1
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .	1
so far the software for the pc works easily .	1
by the way , it looks nice also .	1
it 's worth it .	1
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .	1
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !	1
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .	1
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .	0
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .	0
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .	0
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .	1
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .	1
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !	1
( batteries last longer too ! )	1
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .	1
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .	1
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .	1
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .	1
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) .	1
it 's a very intuitive program .	1
i had no problems following their installation instructions .	1
the menus are very easy to navigate .	1
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .	0
the other controls are all very easy to use .	1
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .	1
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .	0
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .	1
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .	1
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .	1
this is a good deal for music and data storage .	1
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .	0
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .	0
the player itself has all sorts of problems .	0
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .	0
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .	0
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .	0
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .	0
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .	0
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .	1
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .	1
overall , a very disappointing product .	0
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .	0
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .	0
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .	0
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .	1
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .	0
other than that this thing is great ...	1
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .	1
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .	1
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ).	0
i love my new nomad , its great !	1
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .	1
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .	1
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .	1
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .	1
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .	1
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .	1
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc.	1
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .	1
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .	1
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .	1
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .	1
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .	1
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .	1
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .	1
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .	1
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^	1
another plus in my book , no file limits !	1
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .	1
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .	1
i really have no complaints over this unit .	1
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .	1
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .	0
also , the instruction manual is very bad .	0
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .	1
getting files onto it is quick and painless .	1
then sorting the files is easy as pie .	1
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .	1
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .	1
the battery is nice .	1
the lcd screen was very large and readable .	1
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .	1
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .	1
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .	0
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .	0
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .	0
size - bigger than the ipod	0
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .	0
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .	1
i love this player .	1
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .	0
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .	1
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .	1
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .	1
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .	0
way less expensive than the ipod .	1
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .	1
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .	0
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..	0
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .	1
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .	1
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .	1
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .	1
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .	1
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .	1
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .	1
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .	1
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .	1
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .	0
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .	0
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .	1
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .	1
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .	0
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .	1
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .	1
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .	0
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .	0
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .	1
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .	1
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem .	0
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .	0
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .	0
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .	1
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .	1
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .	1
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .	0
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .	1
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !	1
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .	0
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .	1
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .	1
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .	1
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .	1
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !	1
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .	1
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .	1
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .	1
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .	1
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .	1
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .	1
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .	1
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .	1
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .	1
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .	0
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .	0
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .	0
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical	0
- included creative software is pretty poor .	0
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price	1
- best in class sound	1
- large easy readable screen	1
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .	0
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .	0
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .	0
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !	1
i love it ! !	1
this product is too fragile for normal use .	0
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .	1
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .	0
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .	0
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .	0
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .	1
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .	1
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .	1
i love the storage in this thing .	1
this is ridiculous .	0
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .	0
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .	0
the interface used could be better designed .	0
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .	0
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .	0
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .	0
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .	0
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .	1
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .	0
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .	0
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !	0
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .	1
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .	0
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .	0
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .	1
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .	1
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .	1
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .	1
this thing seriously is a good player though .	1
overall i like the unit .	1
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .	0
1 ) price / gb of storage	1
2 ) storage capacity	1
3 ) user replaceable battery	1
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )	0
2 ) scroll button / switch	0
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .	0
overall i like it .	1
the storage capacity is great .	1
the price compared to the ipod is great .	1
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .	1
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .	0
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .	0
i 've had no problems with the software .	1
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .	1
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .	1
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .	1
the sound from the player is ok .	1
i was a little disappointed in the low end .	0
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .	0
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .	1
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .	1
for the price and features it is really good .	1
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .	0
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .	0
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .	0
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .	0
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .	0
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .	1
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .	1
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .	1
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .	1
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .	1
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .	1
this thing is trash .	0
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop	0
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display	0
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said	0
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on	0
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage	0
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course	0
the software failed repeatedly .	0
creative labs customer support website is useless .	0
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .	0
i just bought this player today and i already love it .	1
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .	0
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .	0
otherwise , this player is awesome !	1
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .	1
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .	1
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .	1
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .	1
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .	1
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .	1
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .	1
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .	1
- uploading music is quick and easy .	1
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .	1
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .	1
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .	1
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .	1
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .	1
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .	1
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .	1
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .	1
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .	0
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .	1
this player is an ideal purchase .	1
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .	1
on my main computer the software did not work right .	0
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .	0
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .	1
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .	1
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .	1
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .	1
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .	1
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .	1
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .	1
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .	1
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .	1
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )	0
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .	1
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .	1
lastly , the price is fantastic :	1
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .	1
usb 2.0 - very fast	1
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .	0
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .	1
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ).	1
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .	1
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .	1
i am very pleased so far .	1
very simple to use .	1
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .	0
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .	0
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players	0
all in all suprisingly easy to use .	1
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .	1
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .	1
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .	1
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .	1
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .	1
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers .	1
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .	0
fm receiver - it has none .	0
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .	0
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .	0
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .	0
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .	0
software - the software is crap .	0
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .	1
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .	0
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .	0
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .	0
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .	0
controls are a bit awkward .	0
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .	0
crappy headphones .	0
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .	0
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .	0
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .	0
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .	0
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .	0
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .	0
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .	0
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .	0
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .	1
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .	1
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .	1
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .	1
but the major problem i had was with the software .	0
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .	0
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .	0
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .	0
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .	1
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .	1
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .	1
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .	1
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .	0
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .	1
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo .	1
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .	1
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .	1
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .	1
i would recommend this product to anyone .	1
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .	1
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .	1
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .	1
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .	1
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .	1
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .	1
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .	1
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .	1
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .	1
it is an extremely cool gizmo .	1
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .	0
my only significant complaint is sound quality .	0
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .	0
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "	0
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .	1
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .	1
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .	0
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .	1
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).	1
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .	0
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .	1
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .	0
it 's easy .	1
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .	1
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .	1
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .	1
its really cool .	1
sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .	1
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .	1
but the earbuds suck !	0
i forgot , the case does n't fit .	0
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .	0
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .	1
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .	1
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .	0
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .	0
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .	0
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .	0
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .	0
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .	1
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .	1
the storage capacity is great for me --	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .	0
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .	0
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .	0
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .	0
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .	0
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .	0
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .	1
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .	1
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .	1
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .	1
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .	1
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .	1
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .	1
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .	0
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .	1
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .	1
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .	1
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .	1
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.	1
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .	1
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .	0
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .	1
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !	0
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !	1
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .	1
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .	1
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .	1
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .	0
extremely convenient .	1
great price .	1
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .	1
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .	0
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .	0
i 'm really happy with this purchase .	1
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .	0
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .	1
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .	1
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .	1
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .	0
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .	0
it also has unproven battery life .	0
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .	0
* price and capacity	1
* slick-looking design and improved interface	1
* removable battery	1
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .	0
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .	0
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .	0
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ).	0
* software is absolutely terrible :	0
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).	0
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .	0
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .	0
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .	0
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !	1
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .	1
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .	1
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .	0
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .	1
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .	1
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it .	0
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .	1
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .	1
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .	1
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .	1
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .	1
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .	0
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .	1
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .	1
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .	1
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .	1
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .	1
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .	1
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .	1
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .	1
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .	1
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .	1
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .	1
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .	1
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .	1
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .	0
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .	0
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .	0
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .	1
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .	1
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?	0
mediasource did not recognize my tags !	0
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .	0
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .	0
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .	0
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .	0
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .	0
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !	0
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .	0
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .	0
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .	0
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !	1
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .	1
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !	1
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .	1
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !	1
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .	1
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .	1
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .	0
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .	1
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .	0
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .	0
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .	1
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit	1
+ screen was good , easy to read	1
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great .	1
- the software that came with it was tough to load .	0
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .	0
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )	0
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well	0
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .	0
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last .	0
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .	1
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .	1
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .	1
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .	1
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .	1
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .	0
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .	0
the price / performance looked just right .	1
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .	0
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .	0
like other reviewers , installation was hell .	0
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .	0
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .	0
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .	0
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .	0
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .	0
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .	1
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .	0
i will never buy a creative product again .	0
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .	0
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .	1
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .	1
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .	1
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .	1
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .	1
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .	1
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ).	1
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .	1
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .	1
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .	1
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .	1
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).	1
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .	1
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .	1
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .	1
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .	1
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .	1
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player	1
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !	1
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .	0
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .	0
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .	0
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .	0
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .	0
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .	0
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .	1
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes	1
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording	0
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .	1
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .	1
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .	0
nothing but hassle with this company .	0
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com.	1
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .	1
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .	0
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .	0
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .	0
the software sucks .	0
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .	0
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .	0
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .	0
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .	0
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .	0
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .	0
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .	1
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .	0
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .	0
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler .	0
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .	1
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .	1
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .	1
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .	1
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .	1
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .	1
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !	1
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .	1
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .	0
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .	0
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "	0
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .	0
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .	0
my first impression was positive .	1
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .	0
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .	0
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .	0
the general button placement is not very user friendly .	0
third , the poor design continues with the case .	0
overall , a good buy for the price .	1
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .	1
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .	0
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !	0
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .	0
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .	0
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .	0
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery	1
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive	0
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .	0
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .	0
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .	0
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .	0
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .	0
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .	0
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .	0
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .	1
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .	1
but with a low price , comes lower quality .	0
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .	1
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .	0
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .	0
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .	1
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .	1
value : comparing data storage with price .	1
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .	1
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )	1
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this	1
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .	0
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .	0
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly	1
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .	1
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .	1
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .	1
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .	1
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .	1
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .	1
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .	1
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .	1
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .	1
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .	1
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .	1
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .	1
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .	1
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .	0
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .	0
you need the software to actually transfer files	0
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .	0
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .	0
and also , it 's priced very affordably .	1
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .	1
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .	1
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .	1
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .	1
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .	1
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .	1
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .	1
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .	1
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .	1
price !	1
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .	1
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .	0
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .	1
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !	1
creative software stinks .	0
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .	0
have had the player since xmass and love it !	1
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .	1
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .	0
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .	1
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .	1
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .	1
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .	1
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .	1
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .	1
the screen 's large and easily read .	1
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .	0
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .	1
interface - practically seamless .	1
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .	1
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .	1
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .	0
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .	1
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .	1
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .	1
it was no problem for me to use their software .	1
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .	1
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .	1
do n't buy this player .	0
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "	0
do n't buy this player .	0
do not buy this product --	0
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .	0
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .	0
honestly , i love this player .	1
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .	0
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .	1
what a junk .	0
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .	0
the sound quality is very good .	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .	0
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .	1
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .	0
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .	0
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .	0
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .	0
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire .	0
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .	0
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .	0
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .	1
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .	1
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .	1
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .	1
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .	1
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .	1
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .	1
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .	1
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .	1
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .	1
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .	1
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .	1
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .	1
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;	1
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .	0
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .	0
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image	0
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .	0
. lens cap is a really annoying	0
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .	0
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .	0
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .	0
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .	0
made the camera totally inoperable .	0
also , the lens cap design is flawed .	0
audio on video also lacking .	0
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .	1
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .	1
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .	1
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .	0
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .	0
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .	0
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .	1
the movie mode is also working great .	1
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .	1
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .	1
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .	1
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .	1
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !	1
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .	0
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .	1
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !	1
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .	0
i love all of the features , and presets as well .	1
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !	1
the software you get with this camera is perfect .	1
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .	1
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .	1
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .	1
great camera , great investment !	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .	1
it has many great features and very few bad ones .	1
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .	1
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .	0
downloads are a snap and quick .	1
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .	1
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .	1
really happy with this little camera .	1
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .	1
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .	1
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !	1
this is a wonderful camera .	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .	1
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .	1
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much .	1
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .	1
just point and shoot and the photos were great .	1
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .	1
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one .	1
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc.	1
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .	1
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .	1
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !	1
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .	0
battery life is ok .	1
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .	1
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .	1
the quality is superb .	1
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .	1
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .	1
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .	0
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .	0
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .	0
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .	1
they take excellent macro shots as well .	1
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .	1
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .	1
the picturers are amazing .	1
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .	1
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take.	1
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .	1
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .	1
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .	1
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it !	1
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .	1
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .	1
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .	1
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .	0
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .	0
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .	0
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .	1
great camera .	1
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .	1
it takes great pictures .	1
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .	1
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .	1
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .	1
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .	1
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .	1
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .	1
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .	1
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .	0
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .	1
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .	1
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take .	1
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !	1
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .	1
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .	1
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .	1
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .	1
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !	1
seriously ! i love it !	1
but this camera is great !	1
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .	1
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .	1
the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .	1
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .	1
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .	1
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .	1
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .	1
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .	1
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .	0
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .	0
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .	1
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .	1
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .	1
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .	1
7 picture quality is excellent .	1
8 battery life is excellent .	1
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .	1
10 great price for all the features .	1
1 no direct firewire to the camera .	0
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .	0
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .	1
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .	1
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .	1
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .	1
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.	1
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .	1
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .	1
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile !	0
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .	1
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .	1
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !	1
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .	0
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .	0
the volume .	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .	1
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .	1
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .	0
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .	0
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .	0
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .	0
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .	1
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .	1
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .	0
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .	1
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .	1
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .	1
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .	1
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .	1
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .	1
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .	1
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .	0
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .	0
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .	0
the vibration is not top .	0
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .	1
i am bored with the silver look .	0
it has a nice color screen .	1
it is small .	1
they are not wowable good .	0
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !	0
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .	0
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :	0
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .	0
poor visibility on the keys .	0
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...	1
only con i can think of is no camera ... .	0
this phone is a winner ...	1
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .	1
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .	1
as said before this works perfectly .	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance .	1
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .	1
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .	1
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .	0
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .	1
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .	1
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .	1
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .	0
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .	1
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .	1
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .	1
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .	1
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal .	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .	1
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .	1
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .	1
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .	0
overall , i highly recommend this phone .	1
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .	1
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .	1
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .	1
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .	1
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .	1
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .	0
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
nice little phone ... light compact . .	1
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..	0
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .	1
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .	1
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .	0
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .	0
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .	1
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .	1
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .	0
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
the vibrate setting is loud !	0
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .	1
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .	0
- light , compact design	1
- solid , high-quality construction	1
- well-backlit keypad	1
- outstanding signal reception	1
- excellent sound quality	1
- bright , visible screen	1
- speakerphone	1
- very long-lasting battery life	1
- some features in the user interface	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .	0
- no propietary headset jack	0
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .	1
i like the speakphone function a lot .	1
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .	1
i like the automatic key lock function .	1
the phone is very light weight .	1
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .	1
the fm radio is cool .	1
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .	1
and really this is the best phone one could have .	1
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .	1
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive .	1
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .	1
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .	1
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside .	1
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .	1
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....	1
small size .	1
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .	1
color screen is good .	1
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .	1
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .	1
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .	1
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .	1
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .	0
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?	0
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .	1
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .	1
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .	1
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .	1
this is the best phone i have seen .	1
the phones are awesome .	1
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .	1
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .	1
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .	1
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .	1
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com	1
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .	1
the features are really cool like the radio .	1
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .	1
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !	1
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .	1
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !	1
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .	1
its quiet .	0
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .	1
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .	1
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .	1
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .	1
the battery life is amazing .	1
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .	1
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .	1
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .	1
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .	0
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .	1
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .	1
i simply love this feature .	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .	1
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .	1
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .	1
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )	1
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .	1
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .	1
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .	1
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .	1
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .	1
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .	1
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .	1
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .	0
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .	0
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .	1
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .	0
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .	0
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .	1
nokia does not disappoint in this model .	1
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !	0
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .	1
great phone .. .	1
great features .. .	1
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .	1
i have had no problems with the phone .	1
great phone , i 'd buy another .	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .	1
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
overall an excellent phone .	1
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !	1
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .	1
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .	1
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .	1
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .	1
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .	1
yes , the features are numerous .	1
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .	1
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .	1
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .	1
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .	1
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .	1
the radio feature has superb sound quality .	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .	1
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .	1
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
battery life is good for a phone of this size .	1
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .	1
great screen and great sound .	1
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .	1
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .	1
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive .	1
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .	0
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .	0
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .	1
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .	0
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .	1
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .	0
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .	1
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?	1
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .	1
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .	1
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .	0
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .	1
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .	1
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .	1
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .	1
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .	0
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .	1
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .	1
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .	1
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .	0
when talking the voice is not very clear .	0
but , i would definately recommend this phone .	1
it is crystal clear .	1
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .	1
