otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either.	1
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price.	1
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details.	1
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance.	0
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow.	0
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture.	0
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless.	1
the movie mode is also working great.	1
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable.	1
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results.	1
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .	1
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on.	1
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level!	1
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange.	0
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures.	1
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does!	1
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective.	0
i love all of the features , and presets as well.	1
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening!	1
the software you get with this camera is perfect.	1
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct.	1
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have.	1
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera.	1
great camera , great investment!	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size.	1
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them.	1
it has many great features and very few bad ones.	1
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual.	1
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too.	0
downloads are a snap and quick.	1
controls easy yo use and easy to get to.	1
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera.	1
really happy with this little camera.	1
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes.	1
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints.	1
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive.	1
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper!	1
this is a wonderful camera.	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price.	1
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting.	1
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much.	1
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner.	1
just point and shoot and the photos were great.	1
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla.	1
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one.	1
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc.	1
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has.	1
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into.	1
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots.	1
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took!	1
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low.	0
battery life is ok.	1
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it.	1
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly.	1
the quality is superb.	1
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person.	1
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust.	1
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot.	0
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light.	0
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras.	0
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping.	1
they take excellent macro shots as well.	1
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies.	1
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money.	1
the picturers are amazing.	1
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately.	1
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take.	1
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them.	1
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always.	1
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate.	1
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken.	1
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it!	1
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations.	1
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away.	1
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple.	1
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr.	0
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations.	0
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust.	0
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range.	1
great camera.	1
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use.	1
it takes great pictures.	1
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof.	1
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket.	1
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down.	1
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time.	1
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all.	1
i have not been disappointed with my purchase.	1
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm.	1
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm.	0
i am extremely satisfied with this camera.	1
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting.	1
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take.	1
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300!	1
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel.	1
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck.	1
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake.	1
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range.	1
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics.	1
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera!	1
seriously ! i love it!	1
but this camera is great!	1
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to.	1
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good.	1
the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice.	1
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet.	1
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into.	1
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix.	1
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots.	1
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints.	1
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included.	0
8mb for a camera like this is a joke.	0
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want.	1
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use.	1
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use.	1
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model.	1
7 picture quality is excellent.	1
8 battery life is excellent.	1
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range.	1
10 great price for all the features.	1
1 no direct firewire to the camera.	0
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured.	0
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images.	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual.	1
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel.	1
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera.	1
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package.	1
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.	1
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images.	1
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box.	1
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile!	0
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route.	1
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared.	1
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise.	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers.	1
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint.	0
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent.	0
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy.	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio!	1
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable.	0
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be.	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly.	0
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .	0
the volume.	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet.	0
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life.	1
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it.	1
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous.	0
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works.	0
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .	0
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked.	0
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands.	0
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions.	1
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's.	1
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line.	0
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional.	1
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it.	1
i highly recommend a nokia 6610.	1
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers.	1
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone.	1
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio.	1
i treat the battery well and it has lasted.	1
the volume level of the phone is not all that good.	0
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to.	0
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times.	0
the vibration is not top.	0
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned.	1
i am bored with the silver look.	0
it has a nice color screen.	1
it is small.	1
they are not wowable good.	0
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !	0
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use.	0
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there:	0
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece.	1
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button.	0
poor visibility on the keys.	0
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...	1
only con i can think of is no camera ... .	0
this phone is a winner ...	1
anything this phone does , it does perfectly.	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly.	1
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone.	1
as said before this works perfectly.	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance.	1
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly.	1
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly.	1
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing.	0
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in.	1
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly.	1
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly.	1
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile.	0
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception.	1
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world.	1
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones.	1
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light.	1
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket.	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal.	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar.	1
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light.	1
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial.	1
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do.	0
overall , i highly recommend this phone.	1
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package.	1
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you.	1
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored.	1
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch.	1
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available.	1
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring.	0
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out.	0
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games.	0
nice little phone ... light compact . .	1
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..	0
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone.	1
the reception and sound quality are top-notch.	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter.	1
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed.	1
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird.	0
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead.	0
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors.	1
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones.	1
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient.	0
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad.	0
the vibrate setting is loud!	0
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option.	0
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .	1
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack.	0
- light , compact design	1
- solid , high-quality construction	1
- well-backlit keypad	1
- outstanding signal reception	1
- excellent sound quality	1
- bright , visible screen	1
- speakerphone	1
- very long-lasting battery life	1
- some features in the user interface	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones.	0
- no propietary headset jack	0
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date.	1
i like the speakphone function a lot.	1
i am very pleased with its quality and durability.	1
i like the automatic key lock function.	1
the phone is very light weight.	1
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited.	1
the fm radio is cool.	1
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones.	1
and really this is the best phone one could have.	1
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone.	1
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive.	1
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc.	1
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime.	1
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside.	1
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes.	1
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....	1
small size.	1
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it.	1
color screen is good.	1
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar.	1
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing.	1
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone.	1
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so.	1
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call.	0
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable?	0
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception.	1
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk.	1
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets.	1
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless.	0
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop.	0
overall this is a slightly better than average phone.	1
this is the best phone i have seen.	1
the phones are awesome.	1
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome.	1
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games.	1
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing.	1
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it.	1
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com	1
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had.	1
the features are really cool like the radio.	1
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it.	1
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !	1
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone.	1
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny!	1
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out.	1
its quiet.	0
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them.	1
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint.	1
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .	1
the phone is small , light , and very attractive.	1
the battery life is amazing.	1
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones.	1
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs.	1
i highly recommend this phone to anyone.	1
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough.	0
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features.	1
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .	1
i simply love this feature.	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset.	1
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport.	1
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .	1
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )	1
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy.	1
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy.	1
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime.	1
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want.	1
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned.	1
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent.	1
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio.	1
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing.	0
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press.	0
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off.	1
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control.	0
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work.	0
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned.	1
nokia does not disappoint in this model.	1
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched!	0
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps.	1
great phone .. .	1
great features .. .	1
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email.	1
i have had no problems with the phone.	1
great phone , i 'd buy another.	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures.	1
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible.	0
overall an excellent phone.	1
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !	1
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it.	1
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby.	1
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great.	1
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones.	1
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone.	1
yes , the features are numerous.	1
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had.	1
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line.	1
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use.	1
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before.	1
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better.	1
the radio feature has superb sound quality.	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip.	1
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket.	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there.	1
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities.	1
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all.	0
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing.	1
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing.	0
battery life is good for a phone of this size.	1
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing.	1
great screen and great sound.	1
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god.	1
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .	1
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive.	1
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons.	0
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands.	0
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips.	1
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier.	0
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience.	0
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is.	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket.	1
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included.	1
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming.	0
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is.	1
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable!	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic?	1
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call.	1
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection.	1
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610.	0
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me.	1
this phone is highly recommended otherwise.	1
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear.	1
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great.	1
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have.	0
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network.	0
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it.	1
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution.	1
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength.	1
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality.	0
when talking the voice is not very clear.	0
but , i would definately recommend this phone.	1
it is crystal clear.	1
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made.	1
